data/README.md, before:

# Get the raw and cleaned dataset

To get the data run in the cluster or on your working computer:
```shell
$ bash get_data.sh your_cluster_username
```

The output files are:

- `all_IMPACT_mutations_180508.txt`: raw dataset (IMPACT mutations data shared by Ahmet on the 180508).

- `cleaned_IMPACT_mutations_180508.txt`: cleaned dataset (dataset obtained at the end of [`first_analysis.ipynb`](https://github.com/ElsaB/impact-annotator/blob/master/analysis/description/180731_pierre/first_analysis.ipynb)).

***

### Structure

* **`/annotate_with_click_annotvcf`**: this folder is used to annotate the dataset `all_IMPACT_mutations_180508.txt` with click_annotvcf.  
:construction: *work in progress* :construction:  

* **`/annotate_with_oncokb`**: this folder is used to annotate the dataset `cleaned_IMPACT_mutations_180508.txt` with oncokb-annotator.

* **`/dominik`**: :construction: *work in progress* :construction:

* **`/other_databases`**: work with other databases than OncoKB.

* **`/utils`**: useful data-related scripts and files.

Commit message:

move get final dataset to another script

data/README.md, after:

# Get the raw and cleaned dataset

To get the data run in the cluster or on your working computer:
```shell
$ bash get_data.sh your_cluster_username
```

The output files are:

- `all_IMPACT_mutations_180508.txt`: raw dataset (IMPACT mutations data shared by Ahmet on the 180508).

- `cleaned_IMPACT_mutations_180508.txt`: cleaned dataset (dataset obtained at the end of [`first_analysis.ipynb`](https://github.com/ElsaB/impact-annotator/blob/master/analysis/description/180731_pierre/first_analysis.ipynb)).

- `key.txt`: dataset given by Dominik, gives information (cancer type, BAM id, matched normal, ...) on some of the `Tumor_Sample_Barcode`.

***

### Structure

* **`/annotate_with_click_annotvcf`**: this folder is used to annotate the dataset `all_IMPACT_mutations_180508.txt` with click_annotvcf.  
:construction: *work in progress* :construction:  

* **`/annotate_with_oncokb`**: this folder is used to annotate the dataset `cleaned_IMPACT_mutations_180508.txt` with oncokb-annotator.

* **`/dominik`**: :construction: *work in progress* :construction:

* **`/other_databases`**: work with other databases than OncoKB.

* **`/utils`**: useful data-related scripts and files.
